README.md, before:

### Description

This service pulls data from a Kinesis stream and sends data to Druid using
the Tranquility server (which it runs locally).

I have broken the project, and this documention, into two sections describing
each of the portions of work that this service does, `from-kinesis` and
`to-druid`.

The service will ultimately be running on Ubuntu 16.04 on production, so I use
Vagrant to closely mimic the production setup.

## from-kinesis

A Kinesis application stores all of its state information in Dynamo.  The table
name in Dynamo is `EventerStreamToDruid`

If you want to be able to run the Kinesis consumer over and over again, you should
comment out the `Kinesis::Consumer.checkpoint(last_seq) if last_seq` line in
the `eventer_stream_processor.rb` file.

To run the process:

(Note, this is still WIP)

    cd /app/from-kinesis; AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="..." AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="..." bundle exec rake 'kinesis:run[eventer_stream]'

If you want, you can store that information in a `/app/from-kinesis/local_run.sh` file that is ignored by git.

## to-druid

### Development

Note that there is a `development_do_everything_from_scratch` script that will
completely reset the Vagrant box and re-install the Ubuntu packages needed to
run the scripts listed below.

#### Running and testing the service

In development this service runs in Vagrant, which very closely mirrors how it
will run on production.

Tranquility Server, which is the streaming data import mechanism that will run
on this service, requires a connection to Zookeeper.  To start that connection,
after you do

    vagrant ssh

you can run

    cd /app; ./run-druid

which will run zookeeper and druid.

First, you will want to run the Tranquility server (note: the conf file is
copied from the druid-0.9.2 conf-quickstart directory, which is available at
the same quickstart link mentioned above.)

    cd /app/to-druid/tranquility-distribution-0.8.0; bin/tranquility server -configFile ../tranquility-server-conf-from-druid-quickstart.json

Then you can import the data, as in the example.

    cd /app/to-druid/; ./generate-example-metrics | curl -XPOST -H'Content-Type: application/json' --data-binary @- http://localhost:8200/v1/post/eventer

You should see a result like: `{"result":{"received":25,"sent":25}}`

Next, you can run a query to see if the aggregation of that data works

    cd /app/to-druid/; curl -L -H'Content-Type: application/json' -XPOST --data-binary @eventer-top-event-types-to-test-ingestion-worked.json http://localhost:8082/druid/v2/?pretty

Commit message:

Update README to outline kinesis status

README.md, after:

### Description

This service pulls data from a Kinesis stream and sends data to Druid using
the Tranquility server (which it runs locally).

I have broken the project, and this documention, into two sections describing
each of the portions of work that this service does, `from-kinesis` and
`to-druid`.

The service will ultimately be running on Ubuntu 16.04 on production, so I use
Vagrant to closely mimic the production setup.

## from-kinesis

A Kinesis application stores all of its state information in Dynamo.  The table
name in Dynamo is `EventerStreamToDruid`

If you want to be able to run the Kinesis consumer over and over again, you
should comment out the `Kinesis::Consumer.checkpoint(last_seq) if last_seq`
line in the `eventer_stream_processor.rb` file.

To run the process:

(Note, this is still WIP.  For example, we don't currently update the
checkpoint, but we will need to very soon)

    cd /app/from-kinesis; AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="..." AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="..." bundle exec rake 'kinesis:run[eventer_stream]'

If you want, you can store that information in a
`/app/from-kinesis/local_run.sh` file that is ignored by git.

It will spit out files... some of them will be called
`to-import-into-druid-shardId-...txt`

We will soon automate this process, but for now, assuming the `timestamp` field
is within the time range required by the ingest (it has a narrow window), then
it will be imported.  So, you can run something like this:

    cd /app/from-kinesis/; cat to-import-into-druid-shardId-000000000001-1491359322.txt | curl -XPOST -H'Content-Type: application/json' --data-binary @- http://localhost:8200/v1/post/eventer

If you see something like `{"result":{"received":5,"sent":1}}` that indicates
that only a portion of the records were uploaded because some did not meet the
time constraints.  In practice this means that some of our old Kinesis records
do not get ingested.

## to-druid

### Development

Note that there is a `development_do_everything_from_scratch` script that will
completely reset the Vagrant box and re-install the Ubuntu packages needed to
run the scripts listed below.

#### Running and testing the service

In development this service runs in Vagrant, which very closely mirrors how it
will run on production.

Tranquility Server, which is the streaming data import mechanism that will run
on this service, requires a connection to Zookeeper.  To start that connection,
after you do

    vagrant ssh

you can run

    cd /app; ./run-druid

which will run zookeeper and druid.

First, you will want to run the Tranquility server (note: the conf file is
copied from the druid-0.9.2 conf-quickstart directory, which is available at
the same quickstart link mentioned above.)

    cd /app/to-druid/tranquility-distribution-0.8.0; bin/tranquility server -configFile ../tranquility-server-conf-from-druid-quickstart.json

Then you can import the data, as in the example.

    cd /app/to-druid/; ./generate-example-metrics | curl -XPOST -H'Content-Type: application/json' --data-binary @- http://localhost:8200/v1/post/eventer

You should see a result like: `{"result":{"received":25,"sent":25}}`

Next, you can run a query to see if the aggregation of that data works

    cd /app/to-druid/; curl -L -H'Content-Type: application/json' -XPOST --data-binary @eventer-top-event-types-to-test-ingestion-worked.json http://localhost:8082/druid/v2/?pretty
